FF153 Range requests pass through SW in same-origin no-cors requests (#44580)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/153/index.md

<!-- #### Removals -->

### HTTP

> - A same-origin fetch request for a media element (for example, using a {{htmlelement("video")}} element) will now pass through a service worker without stripping the {{httpheader("Range")}} header.

Author: ```suggestion
- A same-origin fetch request for a media element (for example, from a {{htmlelement("video")}} element) will now pass through a service worker without stripping the {{httpheader("Range")}} header.
```

  Previously the `Range` header was only preserved in same-origin CORS requests, made by adding the `crossorigin` attribute (`<video crossorigin>`).

>   Note that fetch requests for genuinely cross-origin media don't yet go through service workers.

Author: @jakearchibald I decided to add a release note following your comment in https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1465074#c34 . This look OK to you?

Note that I took your comment about cross origin media literally (it is possibly you meant cross origin no-cors media goes through the SW but range headers are stripped - but I doubt it)

>   Note that `Range` headers are still stripped from cross-origin no-cors requests passing through a service worker.

Author: ```suggestion
  Note that fetch requests for genuinely cross-origin media don't yet go through service workers.
```
